Fixing the database concept (#1142)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/administration-guide/con_database-setup.adoc

[id="database-setup_{context}"]
= Database setup

> PostgreSQL database is used by Che server for persisting data about the state of {prod-short}. It contains information about the user accounts, workspaces, preferences, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PostgreSQL database is used by the Che server for persisting data about the state of {prod-short}. It contains information about user accounts, workspaces, preferences, and so on.
```

> By default, {prod-short} operator creates and manages a database deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the {prod-short} Operator creates and manages the database deployment.
```

> However, {prod-short} operator does not support the full lifecycle capabilities like backups and recovery. For business-critical setup, it is recommended to configure an external database with the following disaster recovery options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the {prod-short} Operator does not support full life-cycle capabilities, such as backups and recovery. For a business-critical setup, configure an external database with the following recommended disaster recovery options:
```
"life-cycle" -- IBM SG, pg. 341

* High Availability (HA)
* Point In Time Recovery (PITR)

> Configure an External PostgreSQL instance on-premises or use a cloud services such as Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS). With Amazon RDS, it is possible to deploy production databases in a Multi-Availability Zone configuration for a resilient disaster recovery strategy with daily and on-demand snapshots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure an external PostgreSQL instance on-premises or use a cloud service, such as Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS). With Amazon RDS, it is possible to deploy production databases in a Multi-Availability Zone configuration for a resilient disaster recovery strategy with daily and on demand snapshots.
```
"on demand -- IBM SG, pg. 350
